We now have been using the simplified edition of the Watchtower for some months, and as a family
we have to say we really find it much easier and much more enjoyable to read.
For our son, Maxi's 12 years, we could see that he seemingly understood also the standard
edition.
There were many terms and many concepts we had to explain, and they are now very clearly
explained.
Since we've been using the simplified Watchtower, our family study has been much more fun,
and I feel that I really understand the articles much better now.
This really helps me give good comments at the meetings in my own words, and when I understand
it better, then I can also explain it to others when preaching.
We also see for our son, Mike, he is five years old now, that he's much more engaged.
It makes it more likely to study for him.
He can actually remember much better what the article was about.
We can see that our preparation for the Watchtower with the simplified edition, that it really
helps us to reach our voice hearts, and we can see that it helps them to grow spiritually.